Hello Sway, this is recording for your new task. It's just a test. We are opening TikTok via browser or Selenium, Chrome or Edge, whatever we are using. We are using like a normal human being. But we want to try a different approach here. I want you to test a new protocol that we call web protocol. We will use request for that. What web protocol do is, first we will login to the TikTok using request, but not a simple request. We will have a header. I just send over two different GitHub URL to you to try and explore the code. These people are using different headers. What I know that a lot of people are using request to do a lot of different activities in the web, in the browsing or login or something all over the internet. What I want you to do is, I want you to have a specific test for our TikTok application where we will not use Selenium. We will use web protocol like HTTP request with the headers and some other tweaks so that we can log into the TikTok shop seller board via programmatically. To do that, you need to write a simple Python script. This is a very research-able and very R&D type of project. There is no coding involved in this project. It's all about searching over the internet. I am doing that. You should also search a lot. Learn how we can open request. I did that back in a project. We were opening a Ticketmaster website and it was a success. What I want you to do is, simply go over to write a Python script, use headers, open simple seller dashboard link affiliation link that we use to try to log in using. We always log in using that link. If that doesn't work, obviously it will give you recapture. You need to find out what is the behavior of recapture, what request it is giving you. One tip is you can go open a web inspection tool and go to network and try to get the response. So request is all about requesting response and getting the response and sending the request. If that doesn't work or you are stuck with something, then there is a little bit different test. You will open TikTok, simple TikTok because that does not need a login. So your test would be better in the simple TikTok. You will send a request over a simple TikTok account and get back the data and check the data if that is correct. It would have all kind of videos or whatever page you are requesting. This is a test, so make sure that you are successful in that. Thanks.